------- Website -------

Homepage:
	News articles:
		More Rock Announced
		Check out the new rock additions we just added and see if your favorite is scheduled

	"Featuring favorites from around Lansing and Michigan as well as larger national acts, MAC Fest brings together student favorites driven by input from the students themselves."

News page:
	News articles:
		More Rock Announced
		Check out the new rock additions we just added and see if your favorite is scheduled
Lineup:
	The Flaming Lips
		The Flaming Lips formed in 1983 and are still going strong today. With over 15 studio releases, the Lips continuously show their growth through time. Perhaps one of the things they are most noted for are their live shows - with giant blow-up suns, rainbows, flowers, and aliens, and an extreme amount of confetti, the Flaming Lips will not leave you disappointed.

	Sufjan Stevens
		Following the release of his "Carrie & Lowell" album, Detroit's own Sufjan Stevens is bringing his soft vocals and multi-instrumentalist skills to East Lansing. Rising to fame with 2005's (Come On Feel The) Illionoise, Stevens has been gracing listeners with sweet folk music about everything from heartbreak to zombies.

	Animal Collective
		It's hard to think of the current state of psychedelic music and not think of Animal Collective. Their newest release, Centipede Hz, gives us more of what we wanted to hear: complex rhythms, dense synthesizer textures, and stories of loss, happiness, and good vibes. This will be a "can't miss" performance.

	The Blue Effect
		An excellent jam band from right here in East Lansing. The Blue Effect have spent years perfecting their sound, and their horns will be sure to move your feet. When not performing on bigger stages like at MAC Fest, they can be found playing house parties to an always excited crowd.

	Eleanor Quigley
		Referring to themselves as "an honest exploration of rock n' roll," fans of experimental rock will enjoy this East Lansing native. Breaking free from the standard rock rhythms, Eleanor Quigley have made a name for themselves in the East Lansing house party scene as one of the premier math rock groups.
About:
	MAC Fest started in 2015 as a design project by a Media and Information major at Michigan State University. The vision was to create a music and arts festival that would get students and community members alike to get out and enjoy the city they live in. By booking local bands and artists, MAC Fest was thought of as a way to propel local artists into the national scene.
